[openai][usage] Really hammer it home that admin key is required for ccm + metrics (#22173)
DataDog/integrations-core: openai/README.md

## Prerequisites

- An **OpenAI account** with admin write permissions
- A **valid OpenAI API key**:
  - **For Cloud Cost Management (CCM) and usage metrics**: An **admin-scoped API key is mandatory**. Project-scoped keys cannot collect this data.
  - **For LLM Observability only**: A standard API key with write permissions for model capabilities is sufficient.

## Setup

### 1. Generate an OpenAI API key

**For Cloud Cost Management and usage metrics**, you must create an **admin-scoped API key**:

> 1. Login to your [OpenAI Account][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your [OpenAI Account][10].
```

> 2. Navigate directly to the [Admin Keys page][20] or go to **API keys** under **Organization settings** and select the **Admin keys** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the [Admin Keys page][20] or go to **API keys** under **Organization settings** and select the **Admin keys** tab.
```

3. Click **Create a new secret key**.
4. Copy the created admin API Key to your clipboard.

> **For LLM Observability only** (without CCM/usage metrics), you can use a standard API key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For LLM Observability only** (without CCM and usage metrics), you can use a standard API key:
```

### 2. Configure Datadog's OpenAI integration

1. Navigate Datadog's [OpenAI integration tile][11] and open the **Configuration** tab.
2. Click **Add Account**.
3. Under **Account Name**, enter a name for your account. Under **API Key**, enter your OpenAI API key (**must be admin-scoped for CCM and usage metrics**). Optionally, add a comma-separated list of tags for metrics associated with this account.
3. Under **Resources**, enable toggles depending on your use case:
   - **Collect Cost Data**: If enabled, cost data is visible in [Cloud Cost Management][14] within 24 hours. **Requires an admin-scoped API key.** See ([collected data][15]).
   - **Use this API key to evaluate your LLM applications**: If enabled, evaluations are run through this API key in LLM Observability.

### Additional Notes

- **Admin-scoped API key requirement**: An admin-scoped API key is **mandatory** for collecting usage metrics and Cloud Cost Management data. This integration only collects `audio_speeches`, `audio_transcriptions`, `code_interpreter_sessions`, `completions`, `embeddings`, `images`, `moderations`, and `vector_stores` metrics when an admin-scoped API key is provided.

> - If you enable Cloud Cost Management for OpenAI without an admin-scoped API key, cost metrics will not be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you enable Cloud Cost Management for OpenAI without an admin-scoped API key, cost metrics are not available.
```
